Update guidance about asking for decimal numbers (#5276)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/text-input/index.md

#### Asking for decimal numbers

If you're asking the user to enter a number that might include decimal places, set `inputmode` to `decimal`. Like `numeric`, this presents a numeric keypad on devices with on-screen keyboards, including a decimal separator.

> Some devices don not allow users to enter negative values using the on-screen keypad. If users should be able to insert negative values, do not use `inputmode`.

Reviewer: There's a typo here, and I wonder if we can be more prescriptive for negative numbers

```suggestion
Some devices do not allow users to enter negative values using the on-screen keypad. If users should be able to insert negative values, use `input type="text"` without the `inputmode` attribute.
```

Author: Good catch and suggestion. Have updated the commit 👍

> Some devices do not allow users to enter negative values using the on-screen keypad. If users should be able to insert negative values, use `input type="text"` without the `inputmode` attribute.

Reviewer 2: Okay, suggesting an edit to help make it a few bits clearer and less prone to confusion. How's this look?

```suggestion
If you're asking the user to enter a number that might include decimal places, set `inputmode` to `decimal`. Similar to `numeric`, this will show a numeric keypad to users on devices with on-screen keyboards, including a decimal separator.

Some devices do not allow users to enter negative values using the on-screen keypad. If you want to give users to option to enter a negative number, use `input type="text"` without the `inputmode` attribute.
```

Author: Looks good to me!
